Evaluation:

The experts we demo'd our current progress with were Dr. Yvette Shen and graduate student Shasha Yu. Dr. Shen and Shasha 
are the ones who conceptualized the design, so their feedback is crucial throughout our design process. On Wednesday, 
April 10th, we met with the experts and walked them through our progess, which included: landing page, stress portrait, 
selected stress potrait, positive psychology strategies, and the social support network. The positive psychology page did 
not yet have the images of the strategies on the circles, and the social support network nodes were not yet in place. However,
they were both pleased with our progress and are on board with the fact that we will not fully implement the design by the end 
of the semester. We communicated that we plan to finish the base of the functionality by the deadline, and will add more of 
the design aspects next semester either on our own or funded via research grant.

The two fixes that she discussed during the meeting were:
  1. Adding a static label for the positive psychology strategies, with the tooltip being then a brief description of what 
the strategy is. For example, for "self care," the circle would contain the corresponding pictograph, a static label below 
the circle that said "Self Care," and finally a hover-over that said "Set aside 30 minutes today to do something you enjoy."
  2. On the social support network page, we should add a brief description as to what the service does. This will likely be a 
brief blurb taken from the website (and modified if necessary) that will give students a better idea as to what the service 
does, without them having to figure it out on their own. This provides additional usability for users, as someone under 
stress probably won't be up to doing extensive research on what each resource does, especially since some resources provide 
many serivces.
  
We will work on adding these two features to our final implementation. Additionally, Dr. Shen mentioned that Shasha and herself
will be working on creating a user-study over the summer that can be run either then or in the fall. This will be a more 
in-depth user study that will provide meaningful insight. 



